feat(lambda-durable-bedrock-async-invoke-cdk) new pattern (#2984)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: lambda-durable-bedrock-async-invoke-cdk/README.md

# Amazon Bedrock Async Invoke with AWS Lambda durable functions

This pattern shows how to use AWS Lambda durable functions to orchestrate [Amazon Bedrock Async Invoke](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/APIReference/API_runtime_StartAsyncInvoke.html) for AI video generation. The durable function starts an Amazon Nova Reel video generation job, then polls for completion using `waitForCondition` with exponential backoff. During each polling interval the function suspends execution entirely, incurring zero compute charges while Bedrock processes the video.

> Without durable functions this pattern would require a separate polling mechanism such as Step Functions, EventBridge rules, or a cron-based poller. Here the entire workflow is a single, linear function that reads top-to-bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without durable functions this pattern would require separate polling mechanism such as in-process waiting (charging for idle time) or additional infrastructure for orchestration or cron schedules. Here the entire workflow is a single, linear function that reads top-to-bottom.
```

## Requirements

* [Create an AWS account](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html) if you do not already have one and log in. The IAM user that you use must have sufficient permissions to make necessary AWS service calls and manage AWS resources.
* [AWS CLI v2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) (latest available version) installed and configured
* [Git Installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [AWS CDK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/getting_started.html) (version 2.232.1 or later) installed and configured
* [Node.js 22.x](https://nodejs.org/) installed
* Amazon Bedrock model access enabled for **Amazon Nova Reel** (`amazon.nova-reel-v1:1`) in your target region

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the GitHub repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
    ```

1. Change directory to the pattern directory:

    ```bash
    cd lambda-durable-bedrock-async-invoke
    ```

1. Install the project dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

> 1. Deploy the CDK stack:

Reviewer: nit: let's show unit tests ;) 

`npm test`
